Video: an1.mp4 (internal)
Model: qwen3_vl (qwen3-vl:8b)
Log lines used: 6

STAGE 1  (9 frames, 23.02s)  -> ANOMALY
<think>
Okay, let's tackle this problem step by step. First, I need to analyze the 9 frames provided and cross-reference them with the robot's log to determine if there's an anomaly.

Starting with the log entries. The log shows that at 00:00 and 00:01, the state is "running", gripper is 0 (no pressure), current job is PickAndPlace, current phase is moving. The present_board and target_board are identical. Then at 00:05, the state becomes "idle", gripper is still 0, current_job is null, and last_error is "gripper". 

Now, looking at the frames. The first frame (00:00) shows the robot arm in a position where it's moving, maybe picking up or placing a yellow block. The second frame (00:01) is similar, but the arm is in a different position. The third frame has a human hand placing a yellow block, which might be an external interference. Wait, but the problem states that we're monitoring internal process, so external interference like a human hand might not be considered an internal anomaly. However, the log at 00:05 shows the state as idle with last_error "gripper", which is a problem.

Wait, the criteria say that if last_error is not null, it's always an anomaly. In the log, at 00:05, last_error is "gripper", so that's an anomaly. But the frames from 00:00 to 00:05 need to be checked.

Looking at the frames:

Frame 1: Robot arm is moving, gripper is not holding anything (gripper=0). The yellow blocks are in place.

Frame 2: Similar, but maybe the arm is moving towards the blocks.

Frame 3: A human hand is placing a yellow block. This is external, but the log shows that the robot was in running state until 00:05. However, the log at 00:05 shows the state as idle with last_error "gripper". So maybe the human interference caused the gripper error.

Wait, the problem states that we need to check for internal anomalies, not external interference. The criteria mention that if last_error is not null, it's always an anomaly. So even if the human hand is there, if the log shows last_error, it's an anomaly.

Looking at the log entries:

00:00 and 00:01: state is running, gripper=0, last_error null. So no anomaly here.

00:05: state is idle, gripper=0, last_error "gripper". So this is an anomaly because last_error is not null.

Now, checking the frames. The third frame (00:03?) shows a human hand placing a yellow block. But the log at 00:05 shows the robot is idle with a gripper error. So maybe the human interference caused the gripper to not be holding anything, leading to the error.

But according to the criteria, if last_error is not null, it's an anomaly regardless of external factors. So the presence of last_error "gripper" in the log at 00:05 is an anomaly.

Now, looking at the frames:

Frame 1: Robot arm is moving, gripper=0 (no object held).

Frame 2: Similar, but maybe the arm is moving towards the blocks.

Frame 3: Human hand places a yellow block. This is external, but the robot's state is still running.

Frame 4: Robot arm is moving towards the blocks.

Frame 5: Robot arm is moving towards the blocks.

Frame 6: Robot arm is moving towards the blocks.

Frame 7: Robot arm is moving towards the blocks.

Frame 8: Robot arm is moving towards the blocks.

Frame 9: Robot arm is moving towards the blocks.

Wait, the log shows that at 00:05, the state is idle with last_error "gripper". So between 00:00 and 00:05, the robot was running, but then at 00:05, it's idle with an error. The frames up to 00:05 would show the robot's actions.

But the problem states that the log has timestamps 00:00, 00:01, 00:05. So the frames are sequential, and the log entries correspond to those times.

The key point is that the last_error is "gripper" at 00:05, which is a non-null value, so according to the criteria, this is a bit confusing. Let me try to parse the frames and the log.

The log shows that at 00:00 and 00:01, the robot is running, gripper is 0 (no object held), and there's no error. Then at 00:05, it's idle with last_error "gripper".

Looking at the frames:

Frame 1: Robot arm is moving, no object held (gripper=0). The yellow blocks are in place.

Frame 2: Similar, but maybe the arm is moving towards the blocks.

Frame 3: A human hand is placing a yellow block. This is external interference, but the robot's state is still running.

Frame 4: Robot arm is moving towards the blocks.

Frame 5: Robot arm is moving towards the blocks.

Frame 6: Robot arm is moving towards the blocks.

Frame 7: Robot a is moving towards the blocks.

Frame 8: Robot arm is moving towards the blocks.

Frame 9: Robot arm is moving towards the blocks.

Wait, the log shows that at 00:05, the state is idle with last_error "gripper". So between 00:00 and 00:05, the robot was running, but then it went idle with an error. The frames up to 00:05 would show the robot's actions.

The key point is that the last_error is "gripper" at 00:05, which is a non-null value, so according to the criteria, this is an anomaly.

Now, checking the criteria:

- last_error different from null → SEMPRE ANOMALIA. Yes, here last_error is "gripper", so it's an anomaly.

Other criteria:

- state inesperado: the state changed from running to idle, but the log shows that at 00:05 it's idle, which might be the end of the cycle. However, the last_error is present, so it's an anomaly.

- present_board vs target_board: they are the same in the log, so no divergence.

- Gripper pressure: in the log, gripper is 0 at 00:05, but the last_error is "gripper", which might indicate that the gripper was supposed to be holding something but wasn't, leading to the error.

The frames show that in frame 3, a human hand is placing a yellow block. This could be an external interference, but the problem states that we need to check for internal anomalies. However, the log shows that the robot's last_error is "gripper", which is an internal error. So even if the human hand is there, the error is internal.

Wait, the criteria say: "last_error diferente de null → SEMPRE ANOMALIA". So regardless of external factors, if last_error is not null, it's an anomaly.

Therefore, the presence of last_error "gripper" in the log at 00:05 is an anomaly.

Now, looking at the frames:

In frame 3, a human hand is placing a yellow block. This might be an external interference, but the log shows that the robot was in running state until 00:05, when it went idle with an error. The human hand's action might have caused the gripper to not hold anything, leading to the error.

But according to the criteria, the last_error is the key. Since last_error is not null, it's an anomaly.

So the answer should be ANOMALIA: the log shows last_error "gripper" at 00:05, indicating a gripper error, which is an internal anomaly. The frames show the robot's actions, but the log's last_error is the critical factor here.

Wait, but the problem says "Cruza os frames com o log e determina se houve uma ANOMALIA na própria execução do robô (falha interna, não uma interferência externa)."

So even if there's external interference (like the human hand), if the log shows an internal error (last_error), then it's an anomaly.

In this case, the log shows last_error "gripper" at 00:05, which is an internal error. Therefore, it's an anomaly.

Now, checking the frames:

Frame 1: Robot arm moving, gripper=0.

Frame 2: Similar.

Frame 3: Human hand placing a block.

Frame 4-9: Robot arm moving.

The log shows that at 00:05, the state is idle with last_error "gripper". So the robot stopped with a gripper error. The human hand in frame 3 might have caused the gripper to not hold anything, but the log's last_error is the

STAGE 2  (12 dense frames around src [345], 19.92s)  -> ANOMALY
1. Frame 1: Robô com garra segurando bloco amarelo, movendo-se.  
2. Frame 2: Robô com garra segurando bloco amarelo, movendo-se.  
3. Frame 3: Robô com garra segurando bloco amarelo, movendo-se.  
4. Frame 4: Robô com garra segurando bloco amarelo, movendo-se.  
5. Frame 5: Robô com garra segurando bloco amarelo, movendo-se.  
6. Frame 6: Robô com garra segurando bloco amarelo, movendo-se.  
7. Frame 7: Robô com garra segurando bloco amarelo, movendo-se.  
8. Frame 8: Robô com garra segurando bloco amarelo, movendo-se.  
9. Frame 9: Robô com garra segurando bloco amarelo, movendo-se.  
10. Frame 10: Robô com garra segurando bloco amarelo, movendo-se.  
11. Frame 11: Robô com garra segurando bloco amarelo, movendo-se.  
12. Frame 12: Robô com garra segurando bloco amarelo, movendo-se.  

ANOMALIA: O log indica que o campo "gripper" está sempre em 0 (sem pressão), mas os frames mostram a garra segurando objetos, o que contradiz a lógica de operação (a garra deveria ter pressão alta durante PickAndPlace). Além disso, o estado "idle" com "last_error": "gripper" em 00:05, apesar de a fase anterior ser "moving", sugere falha interna na detecção de objeto ou na comunicação da garra. A inconsistência entre o log (gripper=0) e os frames (garra segurando) confirma que o robô não está executando a tarefa conforme planejado, indicando anomalia na execução interna.

Result:
ANOMALY   anomaly window ~ 5.08s .. 6.35s
